Feature/dx 1702 update about text for checkoutv3 implementations (#1373)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: checkout-v3/index.md

## Choose The Right Implementation For Your Business

The customer journey varies a lot depending on your business vertical. For
example, if you're selling physical goods - like clothes, shoes, computers,
etc., you need to collect a delivery address. Unlike if you were selling digital
goods, where that isn't needed. But this is also a matter of which data you can
and/or wish to collect and manage yourself.

> Here, you can choose from two main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you can choose between two main
```

paths. Either you let us provide you with a full checkout solution (including

> both consumer identification and payment menu) - meaning the consumer self can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both consumer identification and payment menu) - meaning the payer themself can
```

> both consumer identification and payment menu) - meaning the payer themself can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both payer identification and payment menu) - meaning the payer themselves can
```

choose how they'd like to pay. Or, you can decide to use the option for payments

> only. This means that you are in charge of collecting and storing the consumer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only. This means that you are in charge of collecting and storing the payer
```

> data and the payment methods to be presented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data and the payment instruments to be presented.
```

Regardless of whether you choose
to go with the full checkout or payments only, we will supply you with a variety

> of payment methods and features to cater for your business needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of payment instruments and features to cater for your business needs.
```

-   **Authentication:** The process for verifying the payers identity.

-   **Delivery Info:** Information about where the goods should be delivered.

> -   **Payer Info:** The consumers’ personal data e.g. name, address, card number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Payer Info:** The payer’s personal data e.g. name, address, card number
```

    etc.

> -   **PSP:** The service of providing payment methods in the checkout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **PSP:** The service of providing payment instruments in the checkout.
```

## What Are You Looking For?

{% capture tab1_intro %}

## Full Checkout

> From the **Full Checkout**, you will get access to a number of payment methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the **Full Checkout**, you will get access to a number of payment instruments.
```

selected to support the needs of the local market. We help you collect and

> safely store the consumers' data. And if the consumer agrees, we will store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
safely store the payer's data. And if the payer agrees, we will store
```

> their information to have it prefilled next time they shop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their information to have it prefilled the next time they shop.
```

  icon_content='shopping_cart'
  icon_outlined=true
  button_content='Proceed'

>   text='The ultimate implementation pack for anyone new to this, needing support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  text='The ultimate implementation pack for anyone new to this, who needs support
```

>   with all parts covering the checkout. We collect and verify the consumer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with all parts covering the checkout. We collect and verify the payer's
```

>   identity, the billing and shipping address and store the consumer data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  identity, billing and shipping address, and store the payer data.
```

  icon_content='shopping_cart'
  icon_outlined=true
  button_content='Proceed'
  text="On the next level on your growth journey, looking for someone to

>   authenticate and store the consumer data you collected? We got you covered and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  authenticate and store the payer data you collected? We've got you covered, so the
```

>   the consumer doesn’t need to fill out their information twice. Simply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
payer won't have to fill out their information twice. Simply
```

  icon_content='shopping_cart'
  icon_outlined=true
  button_content='Proceed'

>   text="If you only need support with data storage and payment methods - this is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  text="If you only need support with data storage and payment instruments - this is
```

## Payments Only

> With our payments only package, you collect the consumer data and have the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With our payments only package, you collect the payer data and have the
```

flexibility to build your own checkout flow. This implementation supports our

> full range of payment methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
full range of payment instruments.
```

  icon_content='shopping_cart'
  icon_outlined=true
  button_content='Proceed'

>   text="If you can collect, verify and store your consumer data, and if needed -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  text="If you can collect, verify and store your payer data, and if needed -
```

  the delivery address - this is the option for you. With our PSP you can decide

>   if you want to offer a single payment method or the full payment offering. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  if you want to offer a single payment instrument or the full payment offering."
```
